README.md, before:

# dotfiles: Chezmoi archive.
As of August 2023, I have migrated to using GNU stow for dotfiles instead of Chezmoi. I've found I prefer a more unix-y approach to dots management and that chezmoi, while a great and simple program to use, is too full-featured for my preference. For my home dots, I enjoy having simple and precise control over how my dots are installed, and I prefer managing secrets/encryption myself. I'm still using chezmoi at work--it's unbeatable on Windows. It's a great tool and I still highly recommend it!

The frozen state of the chezmoi-managed dots can be seen in branch `chezmoi_archive`.

# the dots, frozen in time from July 2023:
This repo contains dotfiles to set up my [bspwm](https://github.com/baskerville/bspwm) environment, currently riding on the coattails of XFCE on Fedora 36.

I use [Alacritty](https://alacritty.org/) as my terminal emulator, [Fish](fishshell.com/) as my shell, and [Neovim](neovim.io/) as my primary editor, and I have configs for a variety of other terminals, editors, and suchlike as I investigate them.

In the branch `chezmoi_archive`, I am managing dotfiles with [chezmoi](https://www.chezmoi.io).

(I do not recommend installing this. it is not "organized" or "complete" and there are absolutely no guarantees about it working.)

Commit message:

big bang: migrated to stow (did this in a different repo on aug 1)

README.md, after:

# DOTS as managed through GNU Stow!

This repo contains dotfiles to set up my [bspwm](https://github.com/baskerville/bspwm) environment, currently riding on the coattails of XFCE on Fedora 36.

## CURRENTLY USING (last updated 2023-08-09):

- Dotfiles Management: [GNU Stow](https://www.gnu.org/software/stow/)
- Window Manager: [bspwm](https://github.com/baskerville/bspwm), currently riding on the coattails of XFCE on Fedora 38.
- Terminal Emulator: [Alacritty](https://alacritty.org/)
- Editor: [kakoune](https://kakoune.org/)
- Shell: ZSH and [Fish](https://fishshell.com/)

## PREVIOUSLY USING (until July 2023):
- Dotfiles Management: [chezmoi](https://www.chezmoi.io). Previous dots history is available at my [dotfiles](https://github.com/possumvibes/dotfiles) repo.
- Editor: [Neovim](neovim.io/). It's still on deck, but I prefer kakoune's selection-first model and approach to extending the editor.


(I do not recommend installing this. it is not "organized" or "complete" and there are absolutely no guarantees about it working, or staying stable.)
Everything under the /kakoune tree is under the UNLICENSE.
